Remove HTMLAttrxRef macro, part 1 (#25258)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/attributes/pattern/index.md

The `pattern` attribute is an attribute of the {{HTMLElement("input/text", "text")}}, {{HTMLElement("input/tel", "tel")}}, {{HTMLElement("input/email", "email")}}, {{HTMLElement("input/url", "url")}}, {{HTMLElement("input/password", "password")}}, and {{HTMLElement("input/search", "search")}} input types.

> The `pattern` attribute, when specified, is a regular expression which the input's [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes#value) must match in order for the value to pass [constraint validation](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Constraint_validation). It must be a valid JavaScript regular expression, as used by the {{jsxref("RegExp")}} type, and as documented in our [guide on regular expressions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions); the `'u'` flag is specified when compiling the regular expression, so that the pattern is treated as a sequence of Unicode code points, instead of as ASCII. No forward slashes should be specified around the pattern text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `pattern` attribute, when specified, is a regular expression which the input's [`value`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#value) must match for the value to pass [constraint validation](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Constraint_validation). It must be a valid JavaScript regular expression, as used by the {{jsxref("RegExp")}} type, and as documented in our [guide on regular expressions](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions); the `'u'` flag is specified when compiling the regular expression so that the pattern is treated as a sequence of Unicode code points, instead of as ASCII. No forward slashes should be specified around the pattern text.
```
